For your first presentation exercise,
please record yourself with your smartphone
or your smart tablet or laptop or desktop computer
or video camera, okay.
Just present any presentation you want
along with slides that you have
or will create if possible, okay.
Why are we doing this?
Well, because I want you to notice the dramatic improvement
in your presentation skills by the end of this course.
Okay, so for this exercise present based on the content
that you have created so far in your success journal.
Or any speech you gave or will give, okay.
Wait, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait.
Please don't skip the rest of this
to the next lecture, okay.
I want you to please just do this.
Just hear me out, hear me out, okay.
Make the slides to the best of your abilities, please.
And don't worry, as we will work on
how to make amazing slides later.
If you can't video yourself with the slides,
then just save your slides as something along the lines
of, "Intermission Number One slides."
And again if you've not completed any
or all of the exercises in the success journal,
than just give a presentation based on
a real presentation that you've given
at some point in your life.
Or better yet present on this topic here,
"You 2.0 What Your Perfect Life
"Will Be Like in 2025 and Making It Happen."
Okay?
After you finish recording this video
and making the slides to the best of your abilities
then please save it and put it aside
as we're going to revisit this crucial video
and these slides that you're going to make.
Okay, we're going to revisit them.
During the second intermission,
which we'll do right after we complete Act number six,
which is the act that deals with the delivery
of your presentation.
And so please do the best you can with the slides
as I want you to please compare the slides
that you'll create for this intermission
with the slides that you will create
in the next two intermissions, okay.
And in terms of creating slides,
I'm gonna teach you how to do it
right after this intermission.
But I want you to please notice the before and after
differences between your slides and your presentation
so that you can notice the improvements.
And don't worry if you're not prepared.
Nobody needs to see this, just you.
Just record it and make it as long or as short
with as many or as few slides as you want to.
It's your call, okay.
I just want to help.
Then you'll create a better version
of this same presentation in the next intermission exercise.
Thanks a lot.
And please have fun with this.
Thank you.